Change home URL to just the base path (#6775)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the `logcollector.ip_update_interval` setting in the Internal options documentation. ([#6373](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6373))
- Updated OSD version to 2.10.0. ([#6568](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6568))
- Updated dashboard settings screenshots. ([#6711](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6711))

> - Updated the home URL of single sign on configuration. ([#6775](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6775))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Wazuh dashboard home URL in single sign on configuration. ([#6775](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/6775))
```
